.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Problem
=======
What is the problem this work solves, including
[Link to story or ticket](https://my-tracking-system.url/ticket-number)

Solution
========
What I/we did to solve this problem

with @pairperson1

## Type of change
Please delete options that are not relevant.

* Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
* New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
* Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
* This change requires a documentation update
* This change requires updated or new tests

Change summary:
---------------
* Tidy, well formulated commit message
* Another great commit message
* Something else I/we did

Steps to Verify:
----------------
1. A setup step / beginning state
1. What to do next
1. Any other instructions
1. Expected behavior
1. Suggestions for testing

Screenshots (optional):
-----------------------
Show-n-tell images/animations here

Keyfiles (delete if not relevant):
-----------------------
1. main file/entry point
2. other important file

Thanks for contributing!

Commit message:

add time estimate or size to PR template

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Time Estimate or Size
=======
How long do you expect it to take a reviewer to review this PR? 
Alternately, is this PR xsmall, small, medium, large, or xlarge?

Problem
=======
What is the problem this work solves, including
[Link to story or ticket](https://my-tracking-system.url/ticket-number)

Solution
========
What I/we did to solve this problem

with @pairperson1

## Type of change
Please delete options that are not relevant.

* Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
* New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
* Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
* This change requires a documentation update
* This change requires updated or new tests

Change summary:
---------------
* Tidy, well formulated commit message
* Another great commit message
* Something else I/we did

Steps to Verify:
----------------
1. A setup step / beginning state
1. What to do next
1. Any other instructions
1. Expected behavior
1. Suggestions for testing

Screenshots (optional):
-----------------------
Show-n-tell images/animations here

Keyfiles (delete if not relevant):
-----------------------
1. main file/entry point
2. other important file

Thanks for contributing!
