CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Allen Institute for Cell Science Open Source

Thank you for your interest in contributing to this Allen Institute for Cell Science open source project! This document is
a set of guidelines to help you contribute to this project.

## Code of Conduct

By participating in this project, you are expected to uphold our [Code of
Conduct][code_of_conduct].

[code_of_conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Project Documentation

The `README` in the root of the repository should contain or link to
project documentation. If you cannot find the documentation you're
looking for, please file a GitHub issue with details of what
you'd like to see documented.

___

## How to Contribute

1. Fork the repo on GitHub.
2. Create a branch and make your edits on your branch, pushing back to your fork.
3. Make sure `npm run typeCheck`, `npm run test` and `npm run lint` all exit without errors. Add tests and documentation as needed.
4. Submit a pull request back to main via GitHub using template, include screen shots for visual changes. 

___

## Publishing

1. Make a new version: `npm version [patch/minor/major]` -- this will give you the new tag, e.g., `2.7.1`
2. Push the new package.json version: `git push origin main`
3. Push the new tag: `git push origin [NEW_TAG]` -- e.g. `git push origin v2.7.1`
4. Write up [release notes](https://github.com/simularium/simularium-viewer/releases).

___

## Questions or Thoughts?

Talk to us on [one of our community forums][community].

[community]: https://forum.allencell.org/

Commit message:

added the template for release

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Allen Institute for Cell Science Open Source

Thank you for your interest in contributing to this Allen Institute for Cell Science open source project! This document is
a set of guidelines to help you contribute to this project.

## Code of Conduct

By participating in this project, you are expected to uphold our [Code of
Conduct][code_of_conduct].

[code_of_conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Project Documentation

The `README` in the root of the repository should contain or link to
project documentation. If you cannot find the documentation you're
looking for, please file a GitHub issue with details of what
you'd like to see documented.

___

## How to Contribute

1. Fork the repo on GitHub.
2. Create a branch and make your edits on your branch, pushing back to your fork.
3. Make sure `npm run typeCheck`, `npm run test` and `npm run lint` all exit without errors. Add tests and documentation as needed.
4. Submit a pull request back to main via GitHub using template, include screen shots for visual changes. 

___

## Publishing

1. Make a new version: `npm version [patch/minor/major]` -- this will give you the new tag, e.g., `2.7.1`
2. Push the new package.json version: `git push origin main`
3. Push the new tag: `git push origin [NEW_TAG]` -- e.g. `git push origin v2.7.1`
4. Write up [release notes](https://github.com/simularium/simularium-viewer/releases).
    - Select the tag
    - Click "generate release notes" 
    - Use this template to summarize changes (delete any categories that aren't relevant). `## Pull requests included in this release` should be above the auto generated content: 
```Markdown
## What's Changed

### **🎉 New features**   
    -
### **🐞 Bug Fixes**
    - 
### **⛏ Maintenance** 
    -
## Pull requests included in this release
```
___

## Questions or Thoughts?

Talk to us on [one of our community forums][community].

[community]: https://forum.allencell.org/
